About the job
Ready to be pushed beyond what you think you’re capable of?
At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom in the world. It’s a massive, ambitious opportunity that demands the best of us, every day, as we build the emerging onchain platform — and with it, the future global financial system.
To achieve our mission, we’re seeking a very specific candidate. We want someone who is passionate about our mission and who believes in the power of crypto and blockchain technology to update the financial system. We want someone who is eager to leave their mark on the world, who relishes the pressure and privilege of working with high caliber colleagues, and who actively seeks feedback to keep leveling up. We want someone who will run towards, not away from, solving the company’s hardest problems.
Our work culture is intense and isn’t for everyone. But if you want to build the future alongside others who excel in their disciplines and expect the same from you, there’s no better place to be.
While many roles at Coinbase are remote-first, we are not remote-only. In-person participation is required throughout the year. Team and company-wide offsites are held multiple times annually to foster collaboration, connection, and alignment. Attendance is expected and fully supported. 
The Institutional Product Group enables the foundations of Coinbase's institutional business supporting thousands of large financial institutions. We enable institutions to custody their digital assets and participate in the crypto economy in a secure and safe way. We take pride in building a scalable & secure crypto platform supporting hundreds of assets and enabling crypto participation with staking, governance and web3 gateways. The team has interesting work on building cutting-edge crypto technologies, scalable infrastructure and UI surfaces across web, mobile and browser extensions in a fast-paced industry with an opportunity to build several new initiatives.
The Institutional Staking Engineering team is responsible for building and maintaining the systems required to safely manage billions of dollars of staked digital assets across multiple blockchain networks. Staking is an integral part of the Custody experience because it allows customers to earn a yield on their digital assets. The Institutional Staking Engineering team also plays an important role in helping to secure underlying blockchain networks by unlocking billions of dollars worth of assets for staking that would otherwise remain unstaked on the sideline. These additional funds contribute to security of networks by increasing the costs of 51% attacks and increasing the diversity and decentralization of validators.
What you'll be doing:

Build new services to meet critical product and business needs using Golang.
Design scalable systems to solve novel problems with modern cloud technology and industry best practices.
Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our backend systems and the teams running them.
Work with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter.
Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers.
What we look for in you:

You have at least 5 years of experience in software engineering.
You’ve designed, built, scaled and maintained production services, and know how to compose a service oriented architecture.
You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers.
You’re passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together.
Nice to haves:

You have gone through a rapid growth in your company (from startup to mid-size).
Experience with growth experiments or A/B testing frameworks.
You have experience with Blockchain technology (such as Bitcoin, Ethereum etc..)
You have experience decomposing a large monolith into microservices.
You’ve worked with Golang, Ruby, Docker, Rails, Postgres, MongoDB or DynamoDB.
You’ve built financial, high reliability or security systems.
Crypto-forward experience, including familiarity with onchain activity such as interacting with Ethereum addresses, using ENS, and engaging with dApps or blockchain-based services.
Job #: P72806 
Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include bonus eligibility + equity eligibility + benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).
Pay Range: : $186,005 USD - $218,900 USD 
Please be advised that each candidate may submit a maximum of four applications within any 30-day period. We encourage you to carefully evaluate how your skills and interests align with Coinbase's roles before applying.Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. For US applicants, you may view the Employee Rights and the Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links. Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 

Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please contact us at accommodations[at]coinbase.com to let us know the nature of your request and your contact information. For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here. AI Disclosure
For select roles, Coinbase is piloting an AI tool based on machine learning technologies to conduct initial screening interviews to qualified applicants. The tool simulates realistic interview scenarios and engages in dynamic conversation. A human recruiter will review your interview responses, provided in the form of a voice recording and/or transcript, to assess them against the qualifications and characteristics outlined in the job description. 

For select roles, Coinbase is also piloting an AI interview intelligence platform to transcribe and summarize interview notes, allowing our interviewers to fully focus on you as the candidate. 

The above pilots are for testing purposes and Coinbase will not use AI to make decisions impacting employment. To request a reasonable accommodation due to disability, please contact accommodations[at]coinbase.com